Zhang Xiaotian, a scattered person in the rivers and lakes, has seen you
Master Zhang is also known as Ghost Hand God
When the treasure appraisal is sure, you can stand alone in the world
Be polite to the Li family because of my invitation
Master Zhang of South East Asia
Be me Li Jia Keqing
Master Zhang will also teach disciples of the Li family
At this time, wouldn't it be a hundred years of new life to pass down the secret book?
Grandma, please promise him
I want to learn stone gambling from Master Zhang
Okay, thank you, Mr. Sun
My Li family haha
Don't worry, old lady
Isn't there a personal favor?
What if he moves out again?
Is it more powerful than Master Zhang?
Shen Weihou, don't worry.
The entire treasure appraisal world
No one can compare to my ghost hand Zhang Xiaotian
What Master Zhang said is very true
Don't say it's you
Just an ordinary treasure appraiser
This bastard
I don't have that resource to invite
Hey, this Mr. Lu is not simple
What if he is a skill himself?
Master Neng
Haha, no one.
Bring me all the rough stones in Jiangcheng
Brother, I can't be so selfish.
Let you take risks for me again and again
What do you want?
I am your man
Suddenly want to shelter you from the wind and rain
What's more, these people are now
Don't mention this helplessness
I really don't look good
Huh no no
I was wondering where to send me out for a while
I can't do everything myself